[docs] Document new scroll actions (closes #6072) (#6086)
DevExpress/testcafe: docs/articles/documentation/reference/test-api/testcontroller/scroll.md

---
layout: docs
title: t.scroll Method
permalink: /documentation/reference/test-api/testcontroller/scroll.html
---
# t.scroll Method

{% include actions/manual-scroll-warning.md %}

> Scrolls the `target` element to a specified position. If no `target` is specified, scrolls the document body. Can be chained with other `TestController` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scrolls the `target` element to a specified position. If no `target` is specified, the document body is scrolled. Can be chained with other `TestController` methods.
```

## Syntax

### scroll(posX, posY)

```text
t.scroll([target,] posX, posY[, options]) → this | Promise<any>
```

Parameter   | Type/Value                                        | Description
----------- | ------------------------------------------------- | --------------------
`target`&#160;*(optional)* | Function &#124; String &#124; Selector &#124; Snapshot &#124; Promise | Identifies the webpage element to scroll. If unspecified, TestCafe scrolls the document body. See [Select Target Elements](#select-target-elements).
`posX`&#160;               | Number | TestCafe scrolls the element to this position on the horizontal axis.

> `posY`&#160;               | Number | TestCafe scrolls the element to this position on the vertical axis.

Author: I think this may be the best we've got

`options`&#160;*(optional)*| Object | A set of options with additional parameters for the action. See [Options](#options).

### scroll(position)

```text
t.scroll([target,] position[, options]) → this | Promise<any>
```

Parameter   | Type/Value                                        | Description
----------- | ------------------------------------------------- | --------------------
`target`&#160;*(optional)* | Function &#124; String &#124; Selector &#124; Snapshot &#124; Promise | Identifies the webpage element to scroll. If unspecified, TestCafe scrolls the document body. See [Select Target Elements](#select-target-elements).
`position`&#160;           | 'left' &#124; 'right' &#124; 'bottom' &#124; 'topLeft' &#124; 'topRight' &#124; 'bottomLeft' &#124; 'bottomRight' &#124; 'center'| TestCafe scrolls the element to this position.
`options`&#160;*(optional)*| Object | A set of options with additional parameters for the action. See [Options](#options).

## Example

> In the example below, TestCafe scrolls the target container to its bottom right.

Author: Again, `reveal` doesn't work in this context. According to[ MDN's `scroll` definition](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/scroll),

```
You can scroll the element to a particular set of coordinates inside a given element.
```

```suggestion
In the example below, TestCafe scrolls the target element until the bottom right of that element is inside the viewport.
```

> In the example below, TestCafe reveals the target container's bottom right corner.

Reviewer: Why does it 'reveal' the corner? Is it hidden?

> In the example below, TestCafe reveals the target container's bottom right corner.

Author: ```suggestion
In the example below, TestCafe scrolls the target container's bottom right corner into view.
```
